# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 42ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 35ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 42ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 38ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 42ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

